To delete a repository, the process depends on whether you want to delete it locally (from your computer) or remotely (from GitHub). Here's how to do both:
1. Delete a Local Repository (on your computer)

If you only want to delete the local copy of the repository (i.e., the one on your computer), follow these steps:

    Navigate to the parent directory where the repository is located. If your repository is in ~/Desktop/sample, go to the ~/Desktop directory or the parent directory that contains sample:

cd ~/Desktop

Delete the repository folder using the rm command (for Unix-based systems like Linux and macOS):

    rm -rf sample

        This will remove the entire sample directory, including the .git directory and all files inside it.

    Warning: The rm -rf command permanently deletes the directory and its contents. Make sure you're deleting the correct repository and have backed up any files you want to keep.

2. Delete a Remote Repository (on GitHub)

If you want to delete the repository on GitHub (remotely), follow these steps:

    Go to GitHub and log in to your account.

    Navigate to the repository you want to delete:
        Go to the repository page (for example: https://github.com/soundar3446/sme).

    Access the repository settings:
        On the repository page, click on the "Settings" tab (found in the top menu).

    Scroll to the bottom of the settings page.

    Find the "Danger Zone" section:
        You will see a section titled "Delete this repository".

    Delete the repository:
        Click on "Delete this repository".
        GitHub will prompt you to type the repository name to confirm deletion.
        Enter the repository name exactly (e.g., soundar3446/sme) and confirm the deletion.

    Confirm the deletion:
        GitHub will ask you to confirm by typing the repository name. After typing the name, click "I understand the consequences, delete this repository".

    Warning: Deleting a repository on GitHub is permanent and cannot be undone. All issues, pull requests, branches, and commits associated with the repository will be deleted.

Summary:

    To delete a local repository, simply delete the repository folder on your computer using rm -rf <repo-folder>.
    To delete a remote repository on GitHub, go to the repository’s settings and find the "Danger Zone" to delete the repository.

Let me know if you need more help!
